Mr. Gu, please find me.
Send a parent-child gift. After delivery, down, up, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
Down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down.
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down. Down down down down down down down down down down down down down
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
You can return the child to me, right?
I have a condition for the two of you
Let me go to Gu's sister for you
You are about to marry Fang Youxian
We were still talking about what Gu Chen wanted me to do.
Don't forget
Now you have the clothes to serve
I can't be confused with other men
You are shameless
I still want it as a gift home.
I'm shameless
Do you want to lose face?
Threaten me with my child
I really want to take a photo of Gu Chen
Religion, you are not qualified to teach me as a primary school nurse
Don't forget
That little building of yours
But you still care about my hands
As long as you agree to let An Ran go to the Gu family for you
Not only did I help you exchange the debts of the Qiangu family,
I don't want to trade this small building for you.
What a slippery color
I'm easy to talk to now
Then if you refuse
I'm not sure
That little building of yours
Will you suddenly be gone?
Hey, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh